docs(nodejs-version): Update node.js default version (#1521)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/nodejs/2000-01-01-start.md

### Specifying a Node.js Version

In your `engines` section of your `package.json` file, you can specify a
version of Node.js to use.

> If no version is defined, we'll install the latest version of v14.
> You can see versions of node.js here: https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no version is defined, Scalingo installs the latest version of v14.
You can see versions of Node.js here: https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/.
```

> It's exactly the same with `npm` if you want to use a specific version of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is exactly the same with `npm` if you want to use a specific version of it.
```
